Edit: Getting coins (#80)
FalixNodes-Software/help-center: _posts/falix/general/2021-11-22-getting-coins.md

permalink: /falix/general/getting-coins/
---

Currently, there are two ways of getting FalixCoins. You can find them [here](https://client.falixnodes.net/coins).

# Referring

> You can refer your friends to register through your affiliate link for 200 coins per user. Follow the steps below to learn how:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer our service to your friends. If they register with your referral link, you'll earn 200 FalixCoins. Follow the steps below to learn how to create a referral link:
```

> To use the affiliate link, simply paste the link into any browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use your affiliate link, simply paste the link into any browser.
```

> Note: Alting is **strictly prohibited**.

# Joining Discord Servers

Make sure your Discord account is connected to your FalixNodes account. You can do so by following the [Account Management guide](https://help.falixnodes.net/falix/general/account-management/).

> 1. Go to the "[Join For Rewards](https://client.falixnodes.net/join_for_rewards)" page.

Reviewer 2: I don't think " " is necessary here.
